From John Halim Hanna
I am from Egypt, I am a fresh graduate at Faculty of Computers and Artificial Intelligence,

I have applied for this financial for many reasons which I will mention it later.

first, I still a student so I can not afford any money, also my father income can not afford this courses,

I can say that we deal in our country with the pound, not with dollars, it is so so so difficult to pay for all courses,

I can say that we deal in our country with the pound, not with dollars, it is so so so difficult to pay for all courses,

my daily routine is very busy, I can not take a job beside my college, even if I have worked to take these online courses, our currency is very very very low with respect to dollars.

so, all circumstances are against to pay for this courses, for these reasons and other reasons I wish I can take this course for no charges,

I hope so, so I can achieve my goals and take this course which I think will help me a lot.

also, I wish I can be able to afford all courses the future. I wish this financial aid be accepted, so I can take this course for no charges,

really I am in bad need for this course, so it will help me a lot, if this financial aid has been accepted, I will be thank you for giving me this chance to take this course and to learn online for free














for me. also, i think it is the best time to take this course and the best site also.
in my opinion, this course will change my life and my career to the best.every one of us has his own goals and dreams, so they seek to achieve these goals, for me I think it is my goal, my hope or I can say my dream.
this course supposes to improve my career and make my position in work much better.
this course will make me able to improve my skills, improve my knowledge about this subject and improve my career.
it is very important for me to reinforce this branch of knowledge, so I can use it in the future in my job.
this course especially is common between people who are interested in this field,
so I want to be distinguished in this field.
this field of science is very very common today and very important source to be successful.


